What are you doing here?
I'm here to protect the Ye family's property and you.
Who do you think you are?
My Ye family still needs your protection
Stop daydreaming
There's no way I like you. Go away.
Excuse me?
I was called by Uncle Ye
You have no right to call me, do you mean it?
I don't like you.
It's just that I can't refuse Uncle Ye's arrangement.
Don't put gold on your face
No matter what you think
I have to tell you
You and I are not a good match
Even if I'm single to death
It's impossible to see a man like you
OK
What a cat and dog want to hit me
Don't you know that I only have the Dragon Emperor in my heart?
But will he like me?
A hero like him
Don't say like
It's hard to even meet
I heard you wanted to see me
Lord Dragon Emperor